
WISCONSIN DNR LEGAL NOTICES
http://dnr.wi.gov/org/legal/

Access to and use of the Department of Natural Resources ("Department") World Wide Web site is provided subject to these terms and conditions. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY AS USE OF THIS SITE CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
Neither the Department of Natural Resources, nor any of its programs nor any of its employees shall be held liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information described and/or contained herein and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information. In no event shall the Department or its employees be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement or substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this system, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury, including but not limited to those caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or under any other cause of action.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND ACCURACY OF DATA
Although the data found using the Department's access systems have been produced and processed from sources believed to be reliable, no warranty, expressed or implied, is made regarding accuracy, adequacy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information, unless otherwise indicated. This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of the information. The State provides this information on an "as is" basis. All warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, freedom from contamination by computer viruses and non-infringement of proprietary rights are disclaimed. Changes may be periodically made to the information herein; these changes may or may not be incorporated in any new version of the publication. If you have obtained information from any of the Department's web pages from a source other than the Department pages, be aware that electronic data can be altered subsequent to original distribution. Data can also quickly become out of date. It is recommended that careful attention be paid to the contents of any data associated with a file, and that the originator of the data or information be contacted with any questions regarding appropriate use. If you find any errors or omissions, we encourage you to report them to the Department by using our feedback form.

DISCLAIMER OF ENDORSEMENT
The Department is a distributor of content sometimes supplied by third parties and users. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers, users, or others, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and do not necessarily state or reflect those of the Department or the state of Wisconsin and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes. Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the Department or the State.

DISCLAIMER FOR EXTERNAL HYPERLINKS
The Department is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages referenced. The user specifically acknowledges that the Department is not liable for the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. Links from the Department's web pages on the World Wide Web to other sites do not constitute an endorsement from the State. These links are provided as an information service only. It is the responsibility of the user to evaluate the content and usefulness of information obtained from other sites. The Department's web site contains links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites and resources. Since the Department's Web site is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources or their contents, you should direct any concerns regarding any external link to its site administrator or webmaster.

DISCLAIMER OF DUTY TO CONTINUE PROVISION OF DATA
Due to the dynamic nature of the Internet, resources that are free and publicly available one day may require a fee or restricted access the next, and the location of items may change as menus, homepages, and files are reorganized. The user expressly agrees that use of the Department's website is at the user's sole risk. The Department does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error free. The documents and related graphics published on this server could contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. The Department and/or its respective programs may make improvements and/or changes in the information and/or programs described herein at any time.

CHOICE OF LAW
Construction of the disclaimers above and resolution of disputes thereof are governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin. The laws of the state of Wisconsin, U.S.A., shall apply to all uses of this data and this system. By use of this system and any data contained therein, the user agrees that use shall conform to all applicable laws and regulations and user shall not violate the rights of any third parties.

Last Revised: Monday August 13 2007.

